For 36 hours, so much of the noise of regular life disappears. Nobody cares what you do for a living, how much money you make, what your title is or what you say you're capable of doing. There's no checking emails or multitasking. You're there to do the thing. - unknown
Nobody coming to save you also implies, no one is coming to stop you - Alexei Burdygo
The world is a malleable place. If you know what you want, and you go for it with maximum energy and passion, the world will often reconfigure itself around you much more quickly and easily than you'd think. - unknown
Feel everything — and move anyway - ChatGPT
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change; courage to change the things I can; and wisdom to know the difference. - Reinhold Niebuhr
So in an age of stochastic compressors… be incompressible - Naval Ravikant
To allow ourselves to be truly in touch with where we already are, no matter where that is, we have got to pause in our experience long enough to let the present moment sink in; long enough to actually feel it. - unknown
You don't have to force yourself into a perfect life. But you can refuse to keep betraying your own potential. Every time you say "I'll do it tomorrow" and don't, you quietly vote against yourself. - unknown
Sow a thought, reap an action; sow an action, reap a habit; sow a habit, reap a character; sow a character, reap a destiny - Stephen Covey
This is hard and challenging, but that is just what I need to find it rewarding. - Alex Hormozi
This is what hard feels like and this is where most people quit. - Alex Hormozi
The faster I do the hard things I avoid, the quicker I get the good things I want. - Alex Hormozi
Stop stealing time from your own life. - Thomas Oppong
Retirement is when you stop sacrificing today for an imaginary tomorrow - Naval Ravikant
Living life the hard way is easy and living life the easy way is hard. - David Kekich
Hope begins in the dark, the stubborn hope that if you just show up and try to do the right thing, the dawn will come. You wait and watch and work: you don't give up. - Anne Lamott
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better. - Samuel Beckett
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do, and that often means living outside the limits of one's comfort zone. When you're one out of twenty, you're always going to be different. - unknown
A gold medal is a wonderful thing, but if you're not enough without it, you'll never be enough with it. - Cool Runnings
Great outcomes aren't built on great days, but on consistent ones. - unknown
You can't just count the days when it's easy. Each day moves you closer to the goal. No day is a hero; no day is a villain. - unknown
Perfect days don't compound. Consistent ones do. - unknown
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. - Albert Schweizer
The definition of success is going from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm. - Winston Churchill
One can have no smaller or greater mastery than mastery of oneself; you will never have a greater or lesser dominion than that over yourself; the height of your success is gauged by your self-mastery. - unknown
Bad things are always happening loudly: the injury, the flat tire, the mistake that gets you criticized. Everybody talks about the moments that make things a hassle. Good things are always happening quietly: the completed workout, the healthy meal, the ten minutes of writing. Nobody talks about the little moments that add up. - unknown
What good things have you done quietly today? - unknown
It's not overnight success, it's over time success that results in greatness. - unknown
Use what you already know. People are so busy searching for a shortcut — or hoping an easier path will reveal itself — they let numerous moments slip by when they could get results simply by doing what they already know how to do. - unknown
Stay in charge of you, don't let the outside world control you - Bob Proctor
The magic you are looking for is still in the work you are avoiding - Chris Williamson
It's time you realised that you have something in you more powerful and miraculous than the things that affect you and make you dance like a puppet. - Marcus Aurelius
It does get easier, but the hard part is doing it every day. - BoJack Horseman
Change your identity and you'll change your habits. - James Clear
Don't chase butterflies, fix your garden and the butterflies will come to you - unknown
Somewhere in the future, your older self is watching you through memories. Whether it's with regret or nostalgia depends on what you do now. - Gurwinder Bhogal
Most of humanity's problems arise because we fail to sit with ourselves - Naval Ravikant
Enter through the narrow gate. For wide is the gate and broad is the road that leads to destruction, and many enter through it. But small is the gate and narrow the road that leads to life, and only a few find it. - Matthew 7:13-14
If you are disciplined and privilege the future over the present you can change the structure of reality in your favour. - Jordan Peterson
You act poorly because you give yourself permission to act poorly - Mark Quepet
Have some humility. Clean up your bedroom. Take care of your family. Follow your conscience. Straighten up your life. Find something productive and interesting to do and commit to it. When you can do that, you will have put your life together. - Jordan Peterson
Midlife is hard. But our early 40s to early 60s is not a crisis. People talk about midlife like it's a sudden breakdown. I think of it more like a realignment or reorientation. - unknown
Life really does begin at 40. Up until then you are just doing research. The first 40 years are for gathering information and experience, the second 40 are for using it. - Carl Jung
Ataraxia — inner calm is a choice. A state of calm where nothing can mess with your peace of mind. If you can find calm within yourself, you can carry that peace through even the most challenging moments. - unknown
I don't mind what happens. That is the essence of inner freedom. It is a timeless spiritual truth: release attachment to outcomes, and deep inside yourself you will find peace. - unknown
Farmers who wait for perfect weather never plant. If they watch every cloud, they never harvest. - Ecclesiastes 11:4
The life you want is on the other side of the permission you give yourself to live it. - Sahil Bloom
He who blames others has a long way to go on his journey. He who blames himself is halfway there. He who blames no one has already arrived. - Ancient Parable
How many folks, in country and in town, Neglect their principal affair; And let, for want of due repair, A real house fall down, To build a castle in the air? - Jean de la Fontaine
It is remarkable how much long-term advantage people like us have gotten by trying to be consistently not stupid, instead of trying to be very intelligent. - Charlie Munger
I rise before the weak and prepare before the cold sets in. My muscles, my mind, my mission—they get stronger every day. I am not alone; my future self is watching. I am forging a weapon against winter in every rep, every line of code, every choice to live fully awake. - unknown
Professional boxer Chris Eubank Jr. on quitting: There are times I'll be on the treadmill, where I'll be running, and I'll get cramp in my calf and I've still got 8 minutes to go, because I've set the timer for 40 minutes and I'm on 32 minutes. That's the moment. That's the moment I find out what I'm made of. - Chris Eubank Jr.
Desire is a contract you make with yourself to be unhappy until you get what you want. — Tim Ferriss
Life punishes the vague wish and rewards the specific ask. After all, conscious thinking is largely asking and answering questions in your own head. If you want confusion and heartache, ask vague questions. If you want uncommon clarity and results, ask uncommonly clear questions. — Tim Ferriss
Success can usually be measured by the number of uncomfortable conversations we are willing to have, and by the number of uncomfortable actions we are willing to take. — Tim Ferriss
In the end, it's about what you want to be, not what you want to have. — Derek Sivers
Never forget why you're really doing what you're doing. Are you helping people? Are they happy? Are you happy? Are you profitable? Isn't that enough? — Derek Sivers
When you sign up to run a marathon, you don't want a taxi to take you to the finish line. — Derek Sivers
Life is tragic. You are tiny and flawed and ignorant and weak, and everything else is huge, complex and overwhelming. — Jordan B. Peterson
Happiness is a pointless goal. Don’t compare yourself with other people, compare yourself with who you were yesterday. — Jordan B. Peterson
In the United States the probability that gun legislation would stop the school shootings is basically zero. — Jordan B. Peterson
Free speech is not just another value. It's the foundation of Western civilization. — Jordan B. Peterson
The truth is something that burns. It burns off dead wood. — Jordan B. Peterson
Her reverence for the divine, her generosity, her inability not only to do wrong but even to conceive of doing it. And the simple way she lived—not in the least like the rich. (Hays translation) — Marcus Aurelius
For we carry our fate with us — and it carries us. (Hays translation) — Marcus Aurelius
That which makes the man no worse than he was makes his life no worse: it has no power to harm, without or within. — Marcus Aurelius
It's unfortunate that this has happened. No. It's fortunate that this has happened and I've remained unharmed by it—not shattered by the present or frightened of the future. It could have happened to anyone. But not everyone could have remained unharmed by it. — Marcus Aurelius
Οἷς συγκεκλήρωσαι πράγμασι, τούτοις συνάρμοζε σεαυτόν, καὶ οἷς συνείληχας ἀνθρώποις, τούτους φίλει, ἀλλ ἀληθινῶς. — Marcus Aurelius
If the gods care not for me and for my children, There is a reason for it. — Marcus Aurelius
Remember this, then, that this little compound, thyself, must either be dissolved, or thy poor breath must be extinguished, or be removed and placed elsewhere. — Marcus Aurelius
Blot out vain pomp; check impulse; quench appetite; keep reason under its own control. — Marcus Aurelius
All those [events in history] were such dramas as we see now, only with different actors. — Marcus Aurelius
Depart then satisfied, for he also who releases thee is satisfied. — Marcus Aurelius
To be angry with a man is to hate him; to hate him is to wish him harm; but to wish him well, even if he has done you harm, is the mark of a great mind. — Seneca the Younger
Mens impudicam facere, non casus, solet. — Seneca the Younger
sciant quae optima sunt esse communia. — Seneca the Younger
You must lay aside the burdens of the mind; until you do this, no place will satisfy you. — Seneca the Younger
Vis tu cogitare istum quem servum tuum vocas ex isdem seminibus ortum eodem frui caelo, aeque spirare, aeque vivere, aeque mori! tam tu illum videre ingenuum potes quam ille te servum. — Seneca the Younger
Not lost, but gone before. — Seneca the Younger
There is no sorrow in the world, when we have escaped from the fear of death. — Seneca the Younger
Nemo liber est qui corpori servit. — Seneca the Younger
Quemadmodum omnium rerum, sic litterarum quoque intemperantia laboramus: non vitae sed scholae discimus. — Seneca the Younger
Male vivet quisquis nesciet bene mori. — Seneca the Younger
Τῷ λογικῷ ζώῳ μόνον ἀφόρητόν ἐστι τὸ ἄλογον, τὸ δ᾿ εὔλογον φορητόν. — Epictetus
Οὐδέν, ἔφη, τῶν μεγάλων ἄφνω γίνεται, ὅπου γε οὐδ᾿ ὁ βότρυς οὐδὲ σύκον. ἄν μοι νῦν λέγῃς ὅτι 'θέλω σύκον', ἀποκρινοῦμαί σοι ὅτι 'χρόνου δεῖ'. ἄφες ἀνθήσῃ πρῶτον, εἶτα προβάλῃ τὸν καρπόν, εἶτα πεπανθῇ. — Epictetus
τίνες εἰσὶν οὗτοι, ὑφ᾿ ὧν εἴωθας λέγειν ὅτι μαίνονται; τί οὖν; ὑπὸ τῶν μαινομένων θαυμάζεσθαι θέλεις; — Epictetus
ἀνθρώπῳ μέτρον πάσης πράξεως τὸ φαινόμενον. — Epictetus
Αἱ ὗλαι ἀδιάφοροι, ἡ δὲ χρῆσις αὐτῶν οὐκ ἀδιάφορος. — Epictetus
Πᾶσα ἕξις καὶ δύναμις ὑπὸ τῶν καταλλήλων ἔργων συνέχεται καὶ αὔξεται, ἡ περιπατητικὴ ὑπὸ τοῦ περιπατεῖν, ἡ τροχαστικὴ ὑπὸ τοῦ τρέχειν. ἂν θέλῃς ἀναγνωστικὸς εἶναι, ἀναγίγνωσκε· ἂν γραφικόν, γράφε. — Epictetus
γνῶθι πρῶτον τίς εἶ καὶ οὕτως κόσμει σεαυτόν. — Epictetus
καὶ γὰρ τοῦτο λίαν κομψὸν τῷ Κυνικῷ παραπέπλεκται· δέρεσθαι αὐτὸν δεῖ ὡς ὄνον καὶ δερόμενον φιλεῖν αὐτοὺς τοὺς δέροντας ὡς πατέρα πάντων, ὡς ἀδελφόν. — Epictetus
ὀλίγου δὲ χρεία ἐστὶ πρὸς τὴν ἀπώλειαν τὴν πάντων καὶ ἀνατροπήν, μικρᾶς ἀποστροφῆς τοῦ λόγου. — Epictetus
ἐάν τίς σοι ἀπαγγείλῃ ὅτι ὁ δεῖνά σε κακῶς λέγει, μὴ ἀπολογοῦ πρὸς τὰ λεχθέντα, ἀλλὰ ἀποκρίνου διότι "ἠγνόει γὰρ τὰ ἄλλα τὰ προσόντα μοι κακά, ἐπεὶ οὐκ ἂν ταῦτα μόνα ἔλεγεν." — Epictetus
He who is in love is wise and is becoming wiser, sees newly every time he looks at the object beloved, drawing from it with his eyes and his mind those virtues which it possesses. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
He needs no library, for he has not done thinking; no church, for he is himself a prophet; no statute book, for he hath the Lawgiver; no money, for he is value itself; no road, for he is at home where he is. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
We are, like Nebuchadnezzar, dethroned, bereft of reason, and eating grass like an ox. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
We plant trees, we build stone houses, we redeem the waste, we make prospective laws, we found colleges and hospitals, for remote generations. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Thou animated torrid-zone. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Men are what their mothers made them. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Good is a good doctor, but Bad is sometimes a better. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
He thought it happier to be dead, To die for Beauty, than live for bread. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
A man builds a fine house; and now he has a master, and a task for life: he is to furnish, watch, show it, and keep it in repair, the rest of his days. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Every really able man, in whatever direction he work,—a man of large affairs, an inventor, a statesman, an orator, a poet, a painter,—if you talk sincerely with him, considers his work, however much admired, as far short of what it should be. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
I am a parcel of vain strivings tied By a chance bond together, Dangling this way and that, their links Were made so loose and wide, Methinks, For milder weather. — Henry David Thoreau
You ask particularly after my health. I suppose that I have not many months to live; but, of course, I know nothing about it. I may add that I am enjoying existence as much as ever, and regret nothing. — Henry David Thoreau
And the cost of a thing it will be remembered as the amount of life it requires to be exchanged for it. — Henry David Thoreau
Some circumstantial evidence is very strong, as when you find a trout in the milk. — Henry David Thoreau
He who gives himself entirely to his fellow-men appears to them useless and selfish; but he who gives himself partially to them is pronounced a benefactor and philanthropist. — Henry David Thoreau
You can hardly convince a man of an error in a lifetime, but must content yourself with the reflection that the progress of science is slow. If he is not convinced, his grandchildren may be. — Henry David Thoreau
Go where we will on the surface of things, men have been there before us. — Henry David Thoreau
Most of the luxuries, and many of the so-called comforts of life, are not only not indispensable, but positive hindrances to the elevation of mankind. — Henry David Thoreau
In wildness is the preservation of the world. Every tree sends its fibers forth in search of the Wild. The city imports it at any price. Men plow and sail for it. From the forest and wilderness come the tonics and barks which brace mankind. — Henry David Thoreau
The title wise is, for the most part, falsely applied. How can one be a wise man, if he does not know any better how to live than other men? — if he is only more cunning and intellectually subtle? — Henry David Thoreau
[T]he British workman has more to hope for from the rising tide of Tory democracy than from the dried up drain-pipe of Radicalism. — Winston Churchill
Germany will recover and Russian will rise... our policy must be directed to prevent a union between German militarism and Russian Bolshevism. — Winston Churchill
An infected Russia, a plague-bearing Russia; a Russia of armed hordes not only smiting with bayonet and with cannon, but accompanied and preceded by swarms of typhus-bearing vermin which slew the bodies of men, and political doctrines which destroyed the health and even the souls of nations. — Winston Churchill
But what is this India Home Rule Bill? I will tell you. It is a gigantic quilt of jumbled crotchet work. There is no theme; there is no pattern; there is no agreement; there is no conviction; there is no simplicity; there is no courage. It is a monstrous monument of shame built by pygmies. — Winston Churchill
The story of the human race is war. Except for brief and precarious interludes, there has never been peace in the world; and before history began, murderous strife was universal and unending. — Winston Churchill
Hitler, in one of his recent discourses, declared that the fight was between those who have been through the Adolf Hitler Schools and those who have been at Eton. Hitler has forgotten Harrow. — Winston Churchill
I hate nobody except Hitler — and that is professional. — Winston Churchill
The salvation of the common people of every race and of every land from war or servitude must be established on solid foundations and must be guarded by the readiness of all men and women to die rather than submit to tyranny. — Winston Churchill
If I had been properly supported in 1919, I think we might have strangled Bolshevism in its cradle, but everybody turned up their hands and said, 'How shocking!' — Winston Churchill
Fascism was the shadow or ugly child of communism... As Fascism sprang from Communism, so Nazism developed from Fascism. Thus were set on foot those kindred movements which were destined soon to plunge the world into more hideous strife, which none can say has ended with their destruction. — Winston Churchill
By God, if you try anything like that, I'll kick you, I'll bite you, I'll kick you in the balls. I'll do anything to you — you'd better leave me alone. — Theodore Roosevelt
To sit home, read one's favorite paper, and scoff at the misdeeds of the men who do things is easy, but it is markedly ineffective. It is what evil men count upon the good men's doing. — Theodore Roosevelt
I can be President of the United States, or I can control Alice. I cannot possibly do both. — Theodore Roosevelt
We face the future with our past and our present as guarantors of our promises; and we are content to stand or to fall by the record which we have made and are making. — Theodore Roosevelt
Poverty is a bitter thing; but it is not as bitter as the existence of restless vacuity and physical, moral, and intellectual flabbiness, to which those doom themselves who elect to spend all their years in that vainest of all vain pursuits—the pursuit of mere pleasure as a sufficient end in itself. — Theodore Roosevelt
I suppose my critics will call that preaching, but I have got such a bully pulpit! — Theodore Roosevelt
There can be no greater issue than that of conservation in this country. — Theodore Roosevelt
Unjust war is to be abhorred; but woe to the nation that does not make ready to hold its own in time of need against all who would harm it! And woe thrice over to the nation in which the average man loses the fighting edge, loses the power to serve as a soldier if the day of need should arise! — Theodore Roosevelt
But we must be ready to face any temporary disaster - whether or not brought on by those who will war against us to the knife — if only through such disaster can we attain our goal. — Theodore Roosevelt
There were all kinds of things I was afraid of at first, ranging from grizzly bears to 'mean' horses and gun-fighters; but by acting as if I was not afraid I gradually ceased to be afraid. — Theodore Roosevelt
We delight in the beauty of butterfly, rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty* — Maya Angelou
Without courage we cannot practice any other virtue with consistency. We can't be kind, true, merciful, generous, or honest. — Maya Angelou
When people show you who they are, believe them, the first time. Not the 29th time! — Maya Angelou
I'm an American, and most of the time proud of it. Even when I am displeased with what my country is doing, I am still an American who is displeased. And fortunately, being an American, I don't have to whimper, I don't have to whine, I have the right to protest, and I like that. — Maya Angelou
You don't have to think about doing the right thing. If you're for the right thing, then you do it without thinking. — Maya Angelou
You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them. — Maya Angelou
You may write me down in history With your bitter, twisted lies, You may trod me in the very dirt But still, like dust, I'll rise. — Maya Angelou
I went to sleep last night And I arose with the dawn, I know that there are others Who're still sleeping on, They've gone away, You've let me stay, I want to thank You. — Maya Angelou
Petulant priests, greedy centurions, and one million incensed gestures stand between your love and me. — Maya Angelou
We, unaccustomed to courage exiles from delight live coiled in shells of loneliness until love leaves its high holy temple and comes into our sight to liberate us into life. — Maya Angelou
It is true, Logotherapy, deals with the Logos; it deals with Meaning. Specifically I see Logotherapy in helping others to see meaning in life. But we cannot “give” meaning to the life of others. And if this is true of meaning per se, how much does it hold for Ultimate Meaning? — Viktor Frankl
An abnormal reaction to an abnormal situation is normal behavior. p. 32 in the 1992 edition, , Beacon Press — Viktor Frankl
If there is a meaning in life at all, then there must be a meaning in suffering. Suffering is an ineradicable part of life, even as fate and death. — Viktor Frankl
There is nothing in the world, I venture to say, that would so effectively help one to survive even the worst conditions, as the knowledge that there is a meaning in one’s life. — Viktor Frankl
Ultimately, man should not ask what the meaning of his life is, but rather must recognize that it is he who is asked. In a word, each man is questioned by life; and he can only answer to life by answering for his own life; to life he can only respond by being responsible. — Viktor Frankl
What man actually needs is not a tensionless state but rather the striving and struggling for some goal worthy of him. What he needs is not the discharge of tension at any cost, but the call of a potential meaning waiting to be fulfilled by him. — Viktor Frankl
The Tao is like a well: used but never used up. It is like the eternal void: filled with infinite possibilities. It is hidden but always present. I don't know who gave birth to it. It is older than God. — Lao Tzu
The Tao is called the Great Mother: empty yet inexhaustible, it gives birth to infinite worlds. — Lao Tzu
Since before time and space were, the Tao is. It is beyond is and is not. How do I know this is true? I look inside myself and see. — Lao Tzu
Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power. — Lao Tzu
By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try, the world is beyond the winning. — Lao Tzu
Block the passages, shut the doors, And till the end your strength shall not fail. Open up the passages, increase your doings, And till your last day no help shall come to you. — Lao Tzu
Governing a large country is like frying a small fish. — Lao Tzu
A journey of a thousand miles started with a first step. — Lao Tzu
When men lack a sense of awe, there will be disaster. — Lao Tzu
People are difficult to be ruled, Because the ruler governs with personal desire and establishes too many laws to confuse the people. — Lao Tzu
He that in his studies wholly applies himself to labour and exercise, and neglects meditation, loses his time, and he that only applies himself to meditation, and neglects labour and exercise, only wanders and loses himself. — Confucius
弟子，入則孝，出則弟，謹而信，凡愛眾，而親仁。行有餘力，則以學文。 — Confucius
君子無所爭、必也射乎、揖譲而升下、而飲、其爭也君子。 — Confucius
To rank the effort above the prize may be called love. — Confucius
The superior man has neither anxiety nor fear. When internal examination discovers nothing wrong, what is there to be anxious about, what is there to fear? — Confucius
A scholar who loves comfort is not worthy of the name. — Confucius
There is nothing more visible than what is secret, and nothing more manifest than what is minute. Therefore the superior man is watchful over himself, when he is alone. — Confucius
The Path is not far from man. When men try to pursue a course, which is far from the common indications of consciousness, this course cannot be considered The Path. — Confucius
By the ruler's cultivation of his own character, the duties of universal obligation are set forth. By honoring men of virtue and talents, he is preserved from errors of judgment. — Confucius
Things have their root and their branches. Affairs have their end and their beginning. To know what is first and what is last will lead near to what is taught in the Great Learning. — Confucius
Philosophy is the science of truth. — Aristotle
[A]ll things as subsist from nature appear to contain in themselves a principle of motion and permanency; some according to place, others according to increase and diminuation; and others according to change in quality. — Aristotle
The male has more teeth than the female in mankind, and sheep, and goats, and swine. This has not been observed in other animals. — Aristotle
Music directly represents the passion of the soul. If one listens to the wrong kind of music, he will become the wrong kind of person. — Aristotle
Now men seem, not unreasonably, to form their notions of the supreme good and of happiness from the lives of men. — Aristotle
While both are dear, Piety requires us to honor truth above our friends. — Aristotle
οὕτω δὲ καὶ τὸ μὲν ὀργισθῆναι παντὸς καὶ ῥᾴδιον, καὶ τὸ δοῦναι ἀργύριον καὶ δαπανῆσαι· τὸ δ᾽ ᾧ καὶ ὅσον καὶ ὅτε καὶ οὗ ἕνεκα καὶ ὥς, οὐκέτι παντὸς οὐδὲ ῥᾴδιον — Aristotle
The best friend is he that, when he wishes a person's good, wishes it for that person's own sake. — Aristotle
Wit is cultured insolence. — Aristotle
Homer has taught all other poets the art of telling lies skillfully. — Aristotle
We should never take pleasure in causing pain to others, even to those who have wronged us, but rather strive to do good to all. — Marcus Tullius Cicero
O di immortales! non intellegunt homines, quam magnum vectigal sit parsimonia. — Marcus Tullius Cicero
Adsiduus usus uni rei deditus et ingenium et artem saepe vincit. — Marcus Tullius Cicero
Nam et qui bene imperat, paruerit aliquando necesse est, et qui modeste paret, videtur qui aliquando imperet dignus esse. — Marcus Tullius Cicero
And what can be more divine than the exhalations of the earth, which affect the human soul so as to enable her to predict the future ? And could the hand of time evaporate such a virtue? Do you suppose you are talking of some kind of wine or salted meat ? — Marcus Tullius Cicero
Omnia autem quae secundum naturam fiunt sunt habenda in bonis. — Marcus Tullius Cicero
Sed tamen ira procul absit, cum qua nihil recte fieri nec considerate potest. — Marcus Tullius Cicero
Honesta enim bonis viris, non occulta quaeruntur. — Marcus Tullius Cicero
M: Nam efficit hoc philosophia: medetur animis, inanes sollicitudines detrahit, cupiditatibus liberat, pellit timores. — Marcus Tullius Cicero
Dico igitur providentia deorum mundum et omnes mundi partes et initio constitutas esse et omni tempore administrari. — Marcus Tullius Cicero
Freier Wille ohne Fatum ist ebenso wenig denkbar, wie Geist ohne Reelles, Gutes ohne Böses. — Friedrich Nietzsche
Diesen Ernsthaften diene zur Belehrung, dass ich von der Kunst als der höchsten Aufgabe und der eigentlich metaphysischen Thätigkeit dieses Lebens im Sinne des Mannes überzeugt bin, dem ich hier, als meinem erhabenen Vorkämpfer auf dieser Bahn, diese Schrift gewidmet haben will. — Friedrich Nietzsche
On the heights it is warmer than people in the valleys suppose, especially in winter. The thinker recognises the full import of this simile. — Friedrich Nietzsche
I teach you the Superman. Man is something that is to be surpassed. What have ye done to surpass man? — Friedrich Nietzsche
The state lieth in all languages of good and evil; and whatever it saith it lieth; and whatever it hath it hath stolen. — Friedrich Nietzsche
Gradually it has become clear to me what every great philosophy has been: namely, the personal confession of its author and a kind of involuntary and unconscious memoir. — Friedrich Nietzsche
The thought of suicide is a powerful solace: by means of it one gets through many a bad night. — Friedrich Nietzsche
The states in which we infuse a transfiguration and a fullness into things and poetize about them until they reflect back our fullness and joy in life...three elements principally: sexuality, intoxication and cruelty — all belonging to the oldest festal joys. — Friedrich Nietzsche
The spiritualization of sensuality is called love. — Friedrich Nietzsche
Man hat die Realität in dem Grade um ihren Werth, ihren Sinn, ihre Wahrhaftigkeit gebracht, als man eine ideale Welt erlog. — Friedrich Nietzsche
A general belief seems to prevail in the colony that the Indians are little better, if at all, than the savages or natives of Africa. Even the children are taught to believe in that manner, with the result that the Indian is being dragged down to the position of a raw Kafir. — Mahatma Gandhi
For me the only training in Swaraj we need is the ability to defend ourselves against the whole world and to live our natural life in perfect freedom, even though it may be full of defects. Good government is no substitute for self-government. — Mahatma Gandhi
A man is but the product of his thoughts. What he thinks, he becomes. — Mahatma Gandhi
"One of the objects of a newspaper is to understand popular feeling and to give expression to it; another is to arouse among the people certain desirable sentiments; and the third is fearlessly to expose popular defects." — Mahatma Gandhi
My ambition is much higher than independence. Through the deliverance of India, I seek to deliver the so-called weaker races of the Earth from the crushing heels of Western exploitation in which England is the greatest partner. — Mahatma Gandhi
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong. — Mahatma Gandhi
"You may never be able to come back to the place you have left, nor can you undo the wrongs that you have done. But you can always begin again. You can cleanse the heart, you can remake your life, you can rebuild character." — Mahatma Gandhi
My conception of freedom is no narrow conception. It is co-extensive with the freedom of man in all his majesty. — Mahatma Gandhi
Hindus should not harbour anger in their hearts against Muslims even if the latter wanted to destroy them. Even if the Muslims want to kill us all, we should face death bravely. If they established their rule after killing Hindus, we would be ushering in a new world by sacrificing our lives. — Mahatma Gandhi
I have no other wish in this world but to find light and joy and peace through Hinduism. — Mahatma Gandhi
We, the disinherited of this land, we who have been oppressed so long, are tired of going through the long night of captivity. And now we are reaching out for the daybreak of freedom and justice and equality. — Martin Luther King Jr.
Freedom only comes through persistent revolt, through persistent agitation, through persistently rising up against the system of evil. — Martin Luther King Jr.
The time is always right to do what's right. — Martin Luther King Jr.
The evils of capitalism are as real as the evils of militarism and evils of racism. — Martin Luther King Jr.
Doors are opening now that were not open in the past, and the great challenge facing minority groups is to be ready to enter these doors as they open. No greater tragedy could befall us at this hour but that of allowing new opportunities to emerge with out the concomitant preparedness to meet them. — Martin Luther King Jr.
The means by which we live have outdistanced the ends for which we live. Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided man. — Martin Luther King Jr.
Segregation is wrong because it is a system of adultery perpetuated by an illicit intercourse between injustice and immorality. — Martin Luther King Jr.
What is lacking is not sufficient knowledge of the solution but universal consciousness of the gravity of the problem and education of the billions who are its victims. — Martin Luther King Jr.
Let us be dissatisfied until America will no longer have a high blood pressure of creeds and an anemia of deeds. — Martin Luther King Jr.
We must either learn to live together as brothers or we are all going to perish together as fools. — Martin Luther King Jr.
For to be free is not merely to cast off one’s chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others. — Nelson Mandela
The cause of Communism is the greatest cause in the history of mankind becasuse it seeks to remove from society all forms of oppression and exploitation, to liberate mankind and to ensure peace and prosperity to all. — Nelson Mandela
I had no specific belief except that our cause was just, was very strong and it was winning more and more support. — Nelson Mandela
We too are also inspired by the life and example of Jose Marti, who is not only a Cuban and Latin American hero but justly honoured by all who struggle to be free. — Nelson Mandela
The names of those who were incarcerated on Robben Island is a roll call of resistance fighters and democrats spanning over three centuries. If indeed this is a Cape of Good Hope, that hope owes much to the spirit of that legion of fighters and others of their calibre. — Nelson Mandela
No one is born hating another person because of the colour of his skin, or his background, or his religion. People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love, for love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite. — Nelson Mandela
Any man that tries to rob me of my dignity will lose. — Nelson Mandela
There is no easy walk to freedom anywhere, and many of us will have to pass through the valley of the shadow of death again and again before we reach the mountaintop of our desires. — Nelson Mandela
It is never my custom to use words lightly. If twenty-seven years in prison have done anything to us, it was to use the silence of solitude to make us understand how precious words are and how real speech is in its impact on the way people live and die. — Nelson Mandela
You sharpen your ideas by reducing yourself to the level of the people you are with and a sense of humour and a complete relaxation, even when you’re discussing serious things, does help to mobilise friends around you. And I love that. — Nelson Mandela
Oh! I want to put my arms around you, I ache to hold you close. Your ring is a great comfort. I look at it and think she does love me or I wouldn't be wearing it! — Eleanor Roosevelt
It isn't enough to talk about peace. One must believe in it. And it isn't enough to believe in it. One must work at it. — Eleanor Roosevelt
I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity. — Eleanor Roosevelt
When will our consciences grow so tender that we will act to prevent human misery rather than avenge it? — Eleanor Roosevelt
The most important thing in any relationship is not what you get but what you give. — Eleanor Roosevelt
Will people ever be wise enough to refuse to follow bad leaders or to take away the freedom of other people? (16 October 1939) — Eleanor Roosevelt
Sometimes I wonder if we shall ever grow up in our politics and say definite things which mean something, or whether we shall always go on using generalities to which everyone can subscribe, and which mean very little. (1 July 1940) — Eleanor Roosevelt
At all times, day by day, we have to continue fighting for freedom of religion, freedom of speech, and freedom from want — for these are things that must be gained in peace as well as in war. (15 April 1943) — Eleanor Roosevelt
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself. (15 June 1946) — Eleanor Roosevelt
Human resources are the most valuable assets the world has. They are all needed desperately. — Eleanor Roosevelt
Abraham Lincoln his hand and pen he will be good but God knows When — Abraham Lincoln
I believe it is an established maxim in morals that he who makes an assertion without knowing whether it is true or false, is guilty of falsehood; and the accidental truth of the assertion, does not justify or excuse him. — Abraham Lincoln
All I ask for the negro is that if you not like him, let him alone. If God gave him but little let him enjoy. — Abraham Lincoln
Has it not got down as thin as the homeopathic soup that was made by boiling the shadow of a pigeon that had starved to death? — Abraham Lincoln
May our children and our children's children to a thousand generations, continue to enjoy the benefits conferred upon us by a united country, and have cause yet to rejoice under those glorious institutions bequeathed us by Washington and his compeers. — Abraham Lincoln
An inspection of the Constitution will show that the right of property in a slave is not "distinctly and expressly affirmed" in it. — Abraham Lincoln
I beg to assure you that I have never written you, or spoken to you, in greater kindness of feeling than now, nor with a fuller purpose to sustain you, so far as in my most anxious judgment, I consistently can. But you must act. — Abraham Lincoln
May I ask those who have not differed with me to join with me in this same spirit towards those who have? And now, let me close by asking three hearty cheers for our brave soldiers and seamen, and their gallant and skillful commanders. — Abraham Lincoln
I have always found that mercy bears richer fruits than strict justice. — Abraham Lincoln
White House Biography — Abraham Lincoln
I believe there is one Supreme most perfect being. ... I believe He is pleased and delights in the happiness of those He has created; and since without virtue man can have no happiness in this world, I firmly believe He delights to see me virtuous. — Benjamin Franklin
Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety. — Benjamin Franklin
He has paid dear, very dear, for his whistle. — Benjamin Franklin
Man [is a] tool-making animal. — Benjamin Franklin
A penny saved is two pence clear. — Benjamin Franklin
The Way to ſee by Faith is to ſhut the Eye of Reaſon: The Morning Daylight appears plainer when you put out your Candle. — Benjamin Franklin
From a Child I was fond of Reading, and all the little Money that came into my Hands was ever laid out in Books. — Benjamin Franklin
We are a kind of posterity in respect to them. — Benjamin Franklin
Here Skugg lies snug As a bug in a rug. — Benjamin Franklin
There never was a good war or a bad peace. — Benjamin Franklin
I haven't a particle of confidence in a man who has no redeeming petty vices whatsoever. — Mark Twain
We haven't all had the good fortune to be ladies; we haven't all been generals, or poets, or statesmen; but when the toast works down to the babies, we stand on common ground. — Mark Twain
[Citing a familiar "American joke":] In Boston they ask, How much does he know? In New York, How much is he worth? In Philadelphia, Who were his parents? — Mark Twain
To create man was a fine and original idea; but to add the sheep was a tautology. — Mark Twain
It is not worth while to try to keep history from repeating itself, for man's character will always make the preventing of the repetitions impossible. — Mark Twain
Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness, and many of our people need it sorely on these accounts. Broad, wholesome, charitable views of men and things cannot be acquired by vegetating in one little corner of the earth all one's lifetime. — Mark Twain
To be, or not to be; that is the bare bodkin. — Mark Twain
I am persuaded that in Russia, Austria, and Germany nine-tenths of the hostility to the Jew comes from the average Christian's inability to compete successfully with the average Jew in business--in either straight business or the questionable sort. — Mark Twain
There is no God, no universe, no human race, no earthly life, no heaven, no hell. It is all a Dream, a grotesque and foolish dream. Nothing exists but you. And You are but a Thought — a vagrant Thought, a useless Thought, a homeless Thought, wandering forlorn among the empty eternities. — Mark Twain
Love seems the swiftest, but it is the slowest of all growths. No man or woman really knows what perfect love is until they have been married a quarter of a century. — Mark Twain
If the light were not in your eyes, dear Mr. Brooks, you would understand better how happy your little Helen was when her teacher explained to her that the best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen nor even touched but just felt in the heart. — Helen Keller
Our puny sentimentalism has caused us to forget that a human life is sacred only when it may be of some use to itself and to the world. — Helen Keller
No doubt the reason is that character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired, and success achieved. — Helen Keller
Alone we can do so little. Together we can do so much. — Helen Keller
The Bible gives me a deep, comforting sense that "things seen are temporal and things unseen are eternal." — Helen Keller
It is wonderful how much time good people spend fighting the devil. If they would only expend the same amount of energy loving their fellow men, the devil would die in his own tracks of ennui. — Helen Keller
I trust, and nothing that happens disturbs my trust. — Helen Keller
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement; nothing can be done without hope. — Helen Keller
I feel that in this child I have seen more of the Divine than has been manifest in anyone I ever met before. — Helen Keller
The two greatest characters in the 19th century are Napoleon and Helen Keller. Napoleon tried to conquer the world by physical force and failed. Helen tried to conquer the world by power of mind — and succeeded! — Helen Keller
Archie's been living off the fat of the land. I'm here to give him his pension plan. When you come to the fight don't block the door. 'Cause you'll all go home after round four. — Muhammad Ali
I never thought of losing, but now that it's happened, the only thing is to do it right. That's my obligation to all the people who believe in me. We all have to take defeats in life. — Muhammad Ali
I hated every minute of it. But I said to myself, 'Suffer now, and live the rest of your life as a champion'. — Muhammad Ali
If Ali says a mosquito can pull a plow, don't ask how. Hitch him up. — Muhammad Ali
What's really hurting me, the name Islam is involved, and Muslim is involved and causing trouble and starting hate and violence. … Islam is not a killer religion. … Islam means peace, I couldn't just sit home and watch people label Muslims as the reason for this problem. — Muhammad Ali
It's just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand. I beat people up. — Muhammad Ali
Allah is the Greatest. I'm just the greatest boxer. — Muhammad Ali
You been hearing about how bad I am since you were a little kid with mess in your pants! Tonight, I'm gonna whip you till you cry like a baby. — Muhammad Ali
I predict that when i meet Joe Frazier. This will be like a good amateur fighting a real professional. This will be like a kid out of the Olympics meeting the fastest heavyweight champion who ever lived. — Muhammad Ali
Frazier is so ugly that he should donate his face to the US Bureau of Wildlife. — Muhammad Ali
Nowadays you don't go around on the street kicking people, punching people — because if you do (makes gun shape with hand), well that's it — I don't care how good you are. — Bruce Lee
Man, the living creature, the creating individual, is always more important than any established style or system. — Bruce Lee
Running water never grows stale. So you just have to 'keep on flowing. — Bruce Lee
Jeet Kune Do rejects all restrictions imposed by form and formality and emphasizes the clever use of the mind and body to defend and attack. — Bruce Lee
Possession of anything begins in the mind. — Bruce Lee
Life lives; and in the living flow, no questions are raised. The reason is that life is a living now! So, in order to live life whole-heartedly, the answer is life simply is. — Bruce Lee
Knowledge, surely, is always of time, whereas knowing is not of time. Knowledge is from a source, from accumulation, from conclusion, while knowing is a movement. — Bruce Lee
The Moment is freedom. — I couldn't live by a rigid schedule. I try to live freely from moment to moment, letting things happen and adjusting to them. — Bruce Lee
One should be in harmony with, not in opposition to, the strength and force of the opposition. This means that one should do nothing that is not natural or spontaneous; the important thing is not to strain in any way. — Bruce Lee
What you HABITUALLY THINK largely determines what you will ultimately become. — Bruce Lee
We didn't lose the game, we just ran out of time. — Vince Lombardi
You don't do it right once in a while; you do it right every time. — Vince Lombardi
A game that requires the constant conjuring of animosity. — Vince Lombardi
If you can bite hard you can growl just as hard. — Vince Lombardi
If you aren't fired with enthusiasm, you will be fired with enthusiasm. — Vince Lombardi
Gentlemen, we are going to relentlessly chase perfection, knowing full well we will not catch it, because nothing is perfect. But we are going to relentlessly chase it, because in the process we will catch excellence. I am not remotely interested in just being good. — Vince Lombardi
We shall play every game to the hilt with every ounce of fiber we have in our bodies. — Vince Lombardi
Teamwork is what the Green Bay Packers were all about. They didn't do it for the individual glory. They did it because they loved one another. — Vince Lombardi
In our sun-down perambulations, of late, through the outer parts of Brooklyn, we have observed several parties of youngsters playing "base", a certain game of ball ... Let us go forth awhile, and get better air in our lungs. Let us leave our close rooms ... the game of ball is glorious. — Walt Whitman
I will write the evangel-poem of comrades and of love. — Walt Whitman
Nothing can happen more beautiful than death. — Walt Whitman
I sound my barbaric yawp over the roofs of the world. — Walt Whitman
In this broad earth of ours, Amid the measureless grossness and the slag, Enclosed and safe within its central heart, Nestles the seed perfection. — Walt Whitman
Thunder on! Stride on! Democracy. Strike with vengeful stroke! — Walt Whitman
Beautiful that war and all its deeds of carnage, must in time be utterly lost; That the hands of the sisters Death and Night incessantly softly wash again and ever again, this soiled world. — Walt Whitman
O Captain! my Captain! our fearful trip is done! The ship has weathered every wrack, the prize we sought is won, The port is near, the bells I hear, the people all exulting. — Walt Whitman
To me every hour of the light and dark is a miracle, Every cubic inch of space is a miracle. — Walt Whitman
The paths to the house I seek to make, But leave to those to come the house itself. — Walt Whitman
And down the long and silent street, The dawn, with silver-sandalled feet, Crept like a frightened girl. — Oscar Wilde
I have the kiss of Walt Whitman still on my lip. — Oscar Wilde
Hard work is simply the refuge of people who have nothing whatever to do. — Oscar Wilde
There is no sin except stupidity. — Oscar Wilde
And it is only fair to state, with regard to modern journalists, that they always apologise to one in private for what they have written against one in public. — Oscar Wilde
Mrs. Allonby: They say, Lady Hunstanton, that when good Americans die they go to Paris. Lady Hunstanton: Indeed? And when bad Americans die, where do they go to? Lord Illingworth: Oh, they go to America. — Oscar Wilde
One can survive everything nowadays except death. — Oscar Wilde
Jack: That, my dear Algy, is the whole truth pure and simple. Algernon: The truth is rarely pure and never simple. Modern life would be very tedious if it were either, and modern literature a complete impossibility! — Oscar Wilde
Science can never grapple with the irrational. That is why it has no future before it, in this world. — Oscar Wilde
A thing is, according to the mode in which one looks at it. — Oscar Wilde
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler. — Albert Einstein
The state of mind which enables a man to do work of this kind is akin to that of the religious worshiper or the lover; the daily effort comes from no deliberate intention or program, but straight from the heart. — Albert Einstein
Science is international but its success is based on institutions, which are owned by nations. If therefore, we wish to promote culture we have to combine and to organize institutions with our own power and means. — Albert Einstein
I am fascinated by Spinoza's pantheism, but I admire even more his contribution to modern thought because he is the first philosopher to deal with the soul and body as one, and not two separate things. — Albert Einstein
Generations to come, it may well be, will scarce believe that such a man as this one ever in flesh and blood walked upon this Earth. — Albert Einstein
Zahlreich sind die Lehrkanzeln, aber selten die weisen und edlen Lehrer. Zahlreich und groß sind die Hörsäle, doch wenig zahlreich die jungen Menschen, die ehrlich nach Wahrheit und Gerechtigkeit dürsten. Zahlreich spendet die Natur ihre Dutzendware, aber das Feinere erzeugt sie selten. — Albert Einstein
I received your letter of June 10th. I have never talked to a Jesuit priest in my life and I am astonished by the audacity to tell such lies about me. From the viewpoint of a Jesuit priest I am, of course, and have always been an atheist. — Albert Einstein
The great moral teachers of humanity were, in a way, artistic geniuses in the art of living. — Albert Einstein
What lead me more or less directly to the special theory of relativity was the conviction that the electromotive force acting on a body in motion in a magnetic field was nothing else but an electric field. — Albert Einstein
The highest principles for our aspirations and judgments are given to us in the Jewish-Christian religious tradition. It is a very high goal which, with our weak powers, we can reach only very inadequately, but which gives a sure foundation to our aspirations and valuations. — Albert Einstein
To Monsieur Eiffel the Engineer, the brave builder of so gigantic and original a specimen of modern Engineering from one who has the greatest respect and admiration for all Engineers including the Great Engineer the Bon Dieu. — Thomas Edison
The doctor of the future will give no medicine, but will instruct his patient in the care of the human frame, in diet and in the cause and prevention of disease. — Thomas Edison
Genius is one percent inspiration, ninety-nine percent perspiration. — Thomas Edison
Music on the radio is very poor because it is badly distorted ... I quite approve of radios but they should not be used for musical purposes. They are good for news and for reports of ball games, boxing matches and speeches, where distortion is not noticeable. — Thomas Edison
It is very beautiful over there! — Thomas Edison
Restlessness is discontent — and discontent is the first necessity of progress. Show me a thoroughly satisfied man — and I will show you a failure. — Thomas Edison
If we did all the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves. — Thomas Edison
Everyone steals in commerce and industry. I've stolen a lot, myself. But I know how to steal! They don't know how to steal! — Thomas Edison
I never did a day's work in my life, it was all fun. — Thomas Edison
I have never seen the slightest scientific proof of the religious ideas of heaven and hell, of future life for individuals, or of a personal God. — Thomas Edison
Painting is poetry which is seen and not heard, and poetry is a painting which is heard but not seen. These two arts, you may call them both either poetry or painting, have here interchanged the senses by which they penetrate to the intellect. — Leonardo da Vinci
I am not to blame for putting forward, in the course of my work on science, any general rule derived from a previous conclusion. — Leonardo da Vinci
I ask how far away the eye can discern a non-luminous body, as, for instance, a mountain. It will be very plainly visible if the sun is behind it; and could be seen at a greater or less distance according to the sun's place in the sky. — Leonardo da Vinci
Truth at last cannot be hidden. Dissimulation is of no avail. Dissimulation is to no purpose before so great a judge. Falsehood puts on a mask. Nothing is hidden under the sun. — Leonardo da Vinci
Necessity is the mistress and guide of nature. — Leonardo da Vinci
The knowledge of past times and of the places on the earth is both an ornament and nutriment to the human mind. — Leonardo da Vinci
Where there is most feeling, there is the greatest martyrdom. — Leonardo da Vinci
In order to prove whether the spirit can speak or not, it is necessary in the first place to define what a voice is and how it is generated. — Leonardo da Vinci
The bones of the Dead will be seen to govern the fortunes of him who moves them. — Leonardo da Vinci
He who does not value life does not deserve it. — Leonardo da Vinci
The European invasion of the East was a deed of violence on a great scale, and it has left us the duty — noblesse oblige — of understanding the mind of the East. This is perhaps more necessary than we realize at present. — Carl Jung
For a woman, the typical danger emanating from the unconscious comes from above, from the "spiritual" sphere personified by the animus, whereas for a man it comes from the chthonic realm of the "world and woman," i.e., the anima projected on to the world. — Carl Jung
When animus and anima meet, the animus draws his sword of power and the anima ejects her poison of illusion and seduction. The outcome need not always be negative, since the two are equally likely to fall in love (a special instance of love at first sight). — Carl Jung
The wise man who is not heeded is counted a fool, and the fool who proclaims the general folly first and loudest passes for a prophet and Führer, and sometimes it is luckily the other way round as well, or else mankind would long since have perished of stupidity. — Carl Jung
If one does not understand a person, one tends to regard him as a fool. — Carl Jung
We should not pretend to understand the world only by the intellect; we apprehend it just as much by feeling. Therefore, the judgment of the intellect is, at best, only the half of truth, and must, if it be honest, also come to an understanding of its inadequacy. — Carl Jung
For it all depends on how we look at things, and not on how they are in themselves. The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it. — Carl Jung
This world is empty to him alone who does not understand how to direct his libido towards objects, and to render them alive and beautiful for himself, for Beauty does not indeed lie in things, but in the feeling that we give to them. — Carl Jung
Without consciousness there would, practically speaking, be no world, for the world exists as such only in so far as it is consciously reflected and considered by a psyche. Consciousness is a precondition of being. — Carl Jung
Life has always seemed to me like a plant that lives on its rhizome. Its true life is invisible, hidden in the rhizome. The part that appears above ground lasts only a single summer. What we see is the blossom, which passes. The rhizome remains. — Carl Jung
Spend the years of learning squandering Courage for the years of wandering Through a world politely turning From the loutishness of learning. — Samuel Beckett
God is a witness that cannot be sworn. — Samuel Beckett
The short winter’s day was drawing to a close. It seems to me sometimes that these are the only days I have ever known, and especially that most charming moment of all, just before night wipes them out. — Samuel Beckett
My appearance still made people laugh, with that hearty jovial laugh so good for the health. — Samuel Beckett
By nature I mean here, like the naïvest realist, a composite of perceiver and perceived, not a datum, an experience. All I wish to suggest is that the tendency and accomplishment of this painting are fundamentally those of previous painting, straining to enlarge the statement of a compromise. — Samuel Beckett
It sometimes happens and will sometimes happen again that I forget who I am and strut before my eyes, like a stranger. — Samuel Beckett
I was not made for the great light that devours, a dim lamp was all I had been given, and patience without end, to shine it on the empty shadows. I was a solid in the midst of other solids. — Samuel Beckett
The tears stream down my cheeks from my unblinking eyes. What makes me weep so? From time to time. There is nothing saddening here. Perhaps it is liquefied brain. — Samuel Beckett
What can it matter to me, that I succeed or fail? The undertaking is none of mine, if they want me to succeed I’ll fail, and vice versa, so as not to be rid of my tormentors. — Samuel Beckett
Clov: When I fall I'll weep for happiness. — Samuel Beckett
The secrets of success are courage and be careful of all the people around you because treachery always comes from relatives and .not enemies.~~ March 8, 2025 — Abdelnasser Abdelfattah
The French courage proceeds from vanity — the German from phlegm — the Turkish from fanaticism & opium — the Spanish from pride — the English from coolness — the Dutch from obstinacy — the Russian from insensibility — but the Italian from anger. — George Gordon Noel Byron
A great part of courage is the courage of having done the thing before. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Courage is the ability to ignore your options. — Tom Heehler
[C]ourage is not simply one of the virtues, but the form of every virtue at the testing point, which means, at the point of highest reality. A chastity or honesty, or mercy, which yields to danger will be chaste or honest or merciful only on conditions. — C.S. Lewis
Courage is doing what you're afraid to do. There can be no courage unless you're scared. — Eddie Rickenbacker
I dare do all that may become a man; Who dares do more is none. — William Shakespeare
Real courage, however, is shown by those who don’t merely follow the trend or status quo, but who stand up for that which is right and truly just — and don’t kneel. — Allen West
What! shall one monk, scarce known beyond his cell, Front Rome's far-reaching bolts, and scorn her frown? Brave Luther answered, "Yes"; that thunder's swell Rocked Europe, and discharmed the triple crown. — James Russell Lowell
This is the way to cultivate courage: First, by standing firm on some conscientious principle, some law of duty. Next, by being faithful to truth and right on small occasions and common events. Third, by trusting in God for help and power. — James F. Clarke
Just remember, you can do anything you set your mind to, but it takes action, perseverance, and facing your fears. — Gillian Anderson
PERSEVERANCE, n. A lowly virtue whereby mediocrity achieves an inglorious success. — Ambrose Bierce
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another. — Walter Elliott
We choose to go to the Moon in this decade and do the other things, not because they are easy, but because they are hard. — John F. Kennedy
Perseverance is the master impulse of the firmest souls, the discipline of the noblest virtues, and the guaranty of acquisitions the most invigorating in their use and inestimable in their worth. — Elias Lyman Magoon
Perseverance is more prevailing than violence; and many things which cannot be overcome when they are together, yield themselves up when taken little by little. — Plutarch
Perseverance, dear my lord, Keeps honour bright: to have done is to hang Quite out of fashion, like a rusty mail In monumental mockery. — William Shakespeare
Nightmares never last, Mom. One day you wake up and they're gone. — Trunks
The waters wear the stones. — Job
The soft droppes of rain perce the hard marble; many strokes overthrow the tallest oaks. — John Lyly
There are two things people want more than sex and money . . . i.e recognition and praise. — Mary Kay Ash
In general, we do well to let an opponent's motives alone. We are seldom just to them. Our own motives on such occasions are often worse than those we assail. — William Ellery Channing
There is a desire deep within the soul which drives man from the seen to the unseen, to philosophy and to the divine. — Khalil Gibran
It is not the motive, properly speaking, that determines the working of the will; but it is the will that imparts strength to the motive. As Coleridge says: " It is the man that makes the motive, and not the motive the man." — James McCosh
What makes life dreary is the want of motive. — George Eliot
Men's minds are as variant as their faces. Where the motives of their actions are pure, the operation of the former is no more to be imputed to them as a crime, than the appearance of the latter; for both, being the work of nature, are alike unavoidable. — George Washington
We must judge of a man's motives from his overt acts. — Lord Kenyon
To enter into the hearts of men belongs to him who can explore the human heart. — Lord Kenyon
The plaintiff cannot dive into the secret recesses of his (the defendant's) heart. — Lord Romilly
A man acting for himself may indulge his own caprices, and consider what is convenient or agreeable to himself, as well as what is strictly prudent, and his prudential motives cannot afterwards be separated from the others which may have governed him. — Lord Langdale
I believe success holds different meanings for each individual. However, one form of success, in my view, is when an individual can live the life they desire freely, following the path they have chosen. … Don’t let anything hinder you from reaching your goals and dreams. — Arfiye Ablet
I'm hopeful. I know there is a lot of ambition... But I hope the ambitious realize that they are more likely to succeed with success as opposed to failure. — George W. Bush
Only she who attempts the absurd can achieve the impossible. — Robin Morgan. Quoted
Achieving success is an unquantifiable notion – indeed, success carries with it an aura of money and power, and things like that, which – certainly for me – would be detrimental. — Sir Cameron Mackintosh
Fortunate people seldom mend their ways, for when good luck crowns their misdeeds with success they think it is because they are right. — François de La Rochefoucauld
From the Three Dynasties down to the present day it has been like this. The good and honest people are ignored, while spineless flatterers are advanced. — Zhuangzi
Success is counted sweetest By those who ne'er succeed. — Emily Dickinson
Like the British Constitution, she owes her success in practice to her inconsistencies in principle. — Thomas Hardy
Say, shall my little bark attendant sail, Pursue the triumph, and partake the gale? — Alexander Pope
Attain the unattainable. — Alfred Tennyson
In the lexicon of youth, which Fate reserves for a bright manhood, there is no such word As—fail! — Edward Bulwer-Lytton
It's a failure only if you don't get anything out of it, Thomas Edison said he knew 999 ways that a light bulb did not work; yet we have lights today. — Ben Carson
To me the greatest moment in an experiment is always just before I learn whether the particular idea is a good or a bad one. Thus even a failure is exciting, and most of my ideas have of course been wrong. — Ivar Giaever
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will. — Suzy Kassem
Greatly begin! Though thou have time But for a line, be that sublime— Not failure, but low aim is crime. — James Russell Lowell
I have no use for men who fail. The cause of their failure is no business of mine, but I want successful men as my associates. — John D. Rockefeller
Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure. — Earl Wilson
He ploughs in sand, and sows against the wind, That hopes for constant love of woman kind. — Thomas Fuller
Nam quamvis prope to, quamvis temone sub uno Vertentem sese, frustra sectabere cantum Cum rota posterior curras et in axe secundo. — Why
And each forgets, as he strips and runs With a brilliant, fitful pace, It's the steady, quiet, plodding ones Who win in the lifelong race. And each forgets that his youth has fled, Forgets that his prime is past, Till he stands one day, with a hope that's dead, In the glare of the truth at last. — Robert Service
When we open up about our emotional challenges, admitting we are not perfect, we give others permission to share their struggles. Together we realize there is hope and we do not have to suffer alone. — Reyna I. Aburto
Love, hope, fear, faith — these make humanity; These are its sign and note and character. — Robert Browning
Hope! of all ills that men endure, The only cheap and universal cure. — Abraham Cowley
Wir hoffen immer, und in allen Dingen Ist besser hoffen als verzweifeln. — We always hope
Youth fades; love droops, the leaves of friendship fall; A mother's secret hope outlives them all. — Oliver Wendell Holmes
Races, better than we, have leaned on her wavering promise, Having naught else but Hope. — Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
And tho't that the light-house look't lovely as hope, That star on life's tremulous ocean. — Thomas Moore
For hope is but the dream of those that wake! — Matthew Prior
Hope is a lover's staff; walk hence with that And manage it against despairing thoughts. — William Shakespeare
Many are the strange chances of the world... and help oft shall come from the hands of the weak when the Wise falter. — J. R. R. Tolkien
The discipline of piety nourishes the soul with divine thoughts. — Basil of Caesarea
The ascetic Gotama … avoids watching dancing, singing, music and shows. He abstains from using garlands, perfumes, cosmetics, ornaments and adornments. … He refrains from running errands, from buying and selling. — Gautama Buddha
Ah, you loved me as a loser, but now you're worried that I just might win You know the way to stop me, but you don't have the discipline How many nights I prayed for this, to let my work begin First we take Manhattan, then we take Berlin. — Leonard Cohen
I believe, as I always have, in freedom. The freedom which rests on the sense of responsibility. I consider discipline indispensable, but it must be inner discipline, motivated by a common purpose and a strong feeling of comradeship. — Buenaventura Durruti
I consider discipline indispensable, but it must be inner discipline, motivated by a common purpose and a strong feeling of comradeship. — Buenaventura Durruti
No pain, no palm; no thorns, no throne; no gall, no glory; no cross, no crown. — William Penn
My son, do not reject the discipline of Jehovah, and do not loathe his reproof, for those whom Jehovah loves he reproves, Just as a father does a son in whom he delights. — Solomon
Whoever loves discipline loves knowledge. — Solomon
Knowledge must grow or perish; and it can grow only in a free mind, that is to say a mind which is sufficiently strong to create its own discipline. — Paul Valéry
Discipline is the soul of an army. It makes small numbers formidable; procures success to the weak, and esteem to all. — George Washington
Not for nothing is habit called a second and a kind of manufactured nature. — Augustine of Hippo
HABIT, n. A shackle for the free. — Ambrose Bierce
Every habit makes our hand more witty and our wit less handy. — Friedrich Nietzsche
A civil habit Oft covers a good man. — Beaumont and Fletcher
We sow our thoughts, and we reap our actions; we sow our actions, and we reap our habits; we sow our habits, and we reap our characters; we sow our characters, and we reap our destiny. — C. A. Hall.
Consuetudo consuetudine vincitur. — Habit is overcome by habit.
Nil consuetudine majus. — Nothing is stronger than habit.
Sow an act and you reap a habit. Sow a habit and you reap a character. Sow a character and you reap a destiny. — Charles Reade.
In ways and thoughts of weakness and of wrong, Threads turn to cords, and cords to cables strong. — Isaac Williams
The diminutive chains of habit are seldom heavy enough to be felt, till they are too strong to be broken. — Samuel Johnson
Work that is pure toil, done solely for the sake of the money it earns, is also sheer drudgery because it is stultifying rather than self improving. — Mortimer Adler
Any damn fool can beg up some kind of job; it takes a wise man to make it without working. — Charles Bukowski
The idea that to make a man work you've got to hold gold in front of his eyes is a growth, not an axiom. We've done that for so long that we've forgotten there's any other way. — F. Scott Fitzgerald
We are the children of an age which spends the best energies of its life in the discussion of life, in an atmosphere of deferred fulfillment, continually postponing the act of living to the work of mentally preparing to live. — L. P. Jacks
For one human being to love another: that is perhaps the most difficult of our tasks; the ultimate, the last test and proof, the work for which all other work is but preparation. — Rainer Maria Rilke
Labour in vain; or coals to Newcastle. — Anon.
Work thou for pleasure—paint or sing or carve The thing thou lovest, though the body starve— Who works for glory misses oft the goal; Who works for money coins his very soul. Work for the work's sake, then, and it may be That these things shall be added unto thee. — Kenyon Cox
I like work; it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours. I love to keep it by me: the idea of getting rid of it nearly breaks my heart. — Jerome K. Jerome
And all labour without any play, boys, Makes Jack a dull boy in the end. — H. A. Page
But when dread Sloth, the Mother of Doom, steals in, And reigns where Labour's glory was to serve, Then is the day of crumbling not far off. — William Watson
But he who neither thinks for himself, nor lays to heart another's wisdom, this is a useless man.’ — Aristotle
To finish the moment, to find the journey's end in every step of the road, to live the greatest number of good hours, is wisdom. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
As enjoyments, born of contacts (with external objects), have a beginning and an end, they become the cause of unhappiness. The wise man, O Kaunteya! does not find happiness in them. — Krishna quoted
You are that rarest of creatures: a man with the wisdom to see beyond his own time. — Alastair Reynolds
He that troubleth his own house shall inherit the wind. And the fool shall be servant to the wise in heart. — Solomon
Be wise to-day; 'tis madness to defer; Next day the fatal precedent will plead; Thus on, till wisdom is push'd out of life. — Edward Young
Who are a little wise the best fools be. — John Donne
Days should speak, and multitude of years should teach wisdom. — Job
"Those who seek me diligently find me." — The voice of Wisdom
Wisdom alone is true ambition's aim Wisdom the source of virtue, and of fame, Obtained with labour, for mankind employed, And then, when most you share it, best enjoyed. — William Whitehead
Whole world's changing, even I see that now. Our time... has pretty much passed. They don't want folk like us no more. It's their rules or be damned with you. But I tried in the end... I did. — Arthur Morgan
A change came o'er the spirit of my dream. — Lord Byron
An id exploratum cuiquam potest esse, quomodo sese habitarum sit corpus, non dico ad annum sed ad vesperam? — Can any one find out
Nothing can remain static. Things are either moving forward or moving backward. — Henry Ford
Quod petiit spernit, repetit quod nuper omisit. — He despises what he sought
The world goes up and the world goes down. And the sunshine follows the rain; And yesterday's sneer and yesterday's frown Can never come over again. — Charles Kingsley
Why are they [people] more likely to listen to people who tell them they can't make changes than they are to people who tell them they can? — Donella Meadows
My merry, merry, merry roundelay Concludes with Cupid's curse, They that do change old love for new, Pray gods, they change for worse! — George Peele
This world is not for aye, nor 'tis not strange That even our loves should with our fortunes change. - — William Shakespeare
Corpora lente augescent, cito extinguuntur. — Bodies are slow of growth
There comes a time when the world gets quiet and the only thing left is your own heart. So you'd better learn the sound of it. Otherwise you'll never understand what it's saying. — Sarah Dessen
Time ripens all things. No man is born wise. — Miguel de Cervantes
Goliath: If I didn't fear the damage you would do to the time stream, I'd gladly leave you here. David Xanatos: But you won't, because you didn't. Time travel's funny that way. — Gargoyles
Non est, crede mihi, sapientis dicere ‘Vivam’: Sera nimis vita est crastina: vive hodie. — Believe me
Years following years steal something ev'ry day. At last they steal us from ourselves away. — Alexander Pope
Time, time, time, see what's become of me, While I looked around, For my possibilities; I was so hard to please. But look around, leaves are brown And the sky is a hazy shade of winter. — Simon and Garfunkel
Armed with the knowledge of our past, we can with confidence charter a course for our future. Culture is an indispensable weapon in the freedom struggle. We must take hold of it and forge the future with the past. — Malcolm X
Swift speedy Time, feathered with flying hours, Dissolves the beauty of the fairest brow. — Samuel Daniel
Alas! it is not till Time, with reckless hand, has torn out half the leaves from the Book of Human Life to light the fires of human passion with, from day to day, that man begins to see that the leaves which remain are few in number. — Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Time, like a flurry of wild rain, Shall drift across the darkened pane! — C. G. D. Roberts
This nice and subtle happiness of reading, this joy not chilled by age, this polite and unpunished vice, this selfish, serene life-long intoxication. — Logan Pearsall Smith
Oompa Loompa doom-pa-dee-da If you're not greedy, you will go far You will live in happiness too Like the Oompa Loompa doom-pa-dee-do. — Oompa Loompas
I am every day more convinced that happiness in Heaven is for those who know how to be happy on earth. — Josemaría Escrivá
I'd rather be unhappy than have the sort of false, lying happiness you were having here. — Aldous Huxley
The self is a simplification of the notion of soul, created to serve the purposes of the modern sciences of psychology and economics, both of which want you to be happy in a simple, straightforward way they can count. — Harvey Mansfield
The nicest thing about being happy is that you think you'll never be unhappy again. — Luis Molina
Happiness is a wine of the rarest vintage, and seems insipid to vulgar taste. — Logan Pearsall Smith
Happiness is a good flow of life. — Zeno of Citium
On n'est jamais si heureux, ni si malheureux, qu'on se l'imagine. — We are never so happy
Wealth I ask not, hope nor love, Nor a friend to know me; All I ask, the heavens above, And the road below me. — Robert Louis Stevenson
Patience is beautiful because it is the key to relief and relief comes from God alone. — Abdelnasser Abdelfattah
There is, however, a limit at which forbearance ceases to be a virtue. — Edmund Burke
Beware the fury of a patient man. — John Dryden Absalom and Achitophel
Patience makes lighter / What sorrow may not heal. ("sed levius fit patientia quidquid corrigere est nefas") — Horace
Patience is a narcotic for the weak. — Edgar Pangborn
A high hope for a low heaven: God grant us patience! — William Shakespeare
He that will have a cake out of the wheat must tarry the grinding. — William Shakespeare
But the waiting time, my brothers, Is the hardest time of all. — Sarah Doudney
Nihil tam acerbum est in quo non æquus animus solatium inveniat. — There is nothing so disagreeable
Patience! why, it is the soul of peace; of all the virtues it is nearest kin to heaven; it makes men look like gods. The best of men that ever wore earth about Him was a Sufferer,— a soft, meek, patient, humble, tranquil spirit; the first true gentleman that ever breathed. — Thomas Decker
Abdelnasser Abdelfattah and his sayings about Gratitude. — Abdelnasser Abdelfattah
Let gratitude be the pillow upon which you kneel to say your nightly prayer. And let faith be the bridge you build to overcome evil and welcome good. — Maya Angelou
Nine-tenths of wisdom is appreciation. Go find somebody's hand and squeeze it, while there's time. — Dale Dauten
Gratitude and love. He wasn’t the only one who lived with the pretty lie that one must necessarily lead to the other. — Esther Friesner
Feelings of love and gratitude arise directly and spontaneously in the baby in response to the love and care of his mother. — Melanie Klein
Your bounty is beyond my speaking; But though my mouth be dumb, my heart shall thank you. — Nicholas Rowe
Let never day nor night unhallow'd pass, But still remember what the Lord hath done. — William Shakespeare
To receive honestly is the best thanks for a good thing. — George MacDonald
Praise the bridge that carried you over. — George Colman the Younger
Qui gratus futurus est statim dum accipit de reddendo cogitet. — Let the man
We’ve become afraid of beautiful moments, as if we know they’ll one day become very painful memories. — Abdel Nasser Abdel Fattah
Surrendering to fear and allowing ourselves to be paralyzed by peril isn't something most of us can afford to do. — Ben Carson
Fear not those who argue but those who dodge. — Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
We have genuflected before the God of Science only to find that it has given us the atomic bomb, producing fears and anxieties that science can never mitigate. — Martin Luther King
We will not be driven by fear into an age of unreason if we… remember that we are not descended from fearful men, not from men who feared to write, to speak, to associate and to defend causes which were, for the moment unpopular. — Edward R. Murrow
There are three things all wise men fear: the sea in storm, a night with no moon, and the anger of a gentle man. — Patrick Rothfuss
It is the part of men to fear and tremble, When the most mighty gods by tokens send Such dreadful heralds to astonish us. — William Shakespeare
Fear God, and keep his commandments: for this is the whole duty of man. — Solomon
On my way from school to home I heard a man saying “I will kill you.” I hastened my pace and after a while I looked back if the man was still coming behind me. But to my utter relief he was talking on his mobile and must have been threatening someone else over the phone. — Malala Yousafzai's diary
The thing in the world I am most afraid of is fear, and with good reason; that passion alone, in the trouble of it, exceeding all other accidents. — Michel de Montaigne
